let's go to our body mr. nikesb six back
again 211th nike SB videos you can see
from the title do have the midnight navy
gr dunk lows in ham a very clean simple
shoe 85 box price they do fit true to
size I also seen them on ebay going for
lower than retail so if you're looking
for them you can definitely try that out
besides that we're going to start off
with the outsole shoe all white outsole
midnight navy hit right there in the
middle 90s be all white on the midsole
says very nice on that outsole and white
and you have your contrast stitching
which is a midnight navy around your toe
box you having midnight navy suede
material the suede is fair quality
definitely expect it better because of
what we got on the toe box the toe box
actually feels very soft and good
quality material you also have that
white contrast stitching that goes
around the toe box on your mid panel you
have that same suede that sits on the
toe box which is a very soft in my
opinion the eyelids hold that rougher
suede material and once again you have
that contrast stitching and white your
swoosh is a canvas material in that same
color back panel heel tab has that a
soft suede and then on the upper portion
also holds that softer suede and then on
the back panel on the bottom portion it
holds that rough persuade nonetheless
old navy blue and white contrast
stitching midnight navy for the toggle
mesh material midnight navy piping a
midnight navy tag with nike SB dunk low
pro stitched and white pretty basic on
the inner walls and the insole with that
all navy blue and zoom hair printed in
their life let's show you sinkers on
feet right now
cleans me
the white stitching pops up
I got to pick them up okay I reviewed
your gr dunk lows for the month honestly
I liked every single gr for this month
so that we're all pretty much a must
pick up for me thank you very much for
watching I greatly appreciate support
i'll see you guys next time for another
video please